Add rescue function (#7)
ansible-network/juniper_junos: docs/config_manager/rescue.md

# Save and Load rescue configuration into device

> The `config_manager/rescue` function provides a means to save a know good running configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `config_manager/rescue` function provides a means to save a known good running configuration
```

> as a rescue configuration and rollback the current device configuration to rescue configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as the rescue configuration and rollback the current device configuration to the rescue configuration
```

when required.

## How to save a rescue configuration checkpoint

Below is an example of how to call the `config_manager/rescue` function to mark the

> current running configuration as rescue config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
current running configuration as the rescue configuration.
```

```
- hosts: junos

  roles:
    - name: ansible-network.juniper_junos

>       function: config_manager/resuce

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      function: config_manager/rescue
```

      config_manager_set_rescue: True
```

### How to load the rescue configuration

The `config_manager/rescue` function also provides support to rollback the current running

> configuration to a rescue configuration when required

Reviewer: ```suggestion
configuration to the rescue configuration when required.
```

> In order to load the resuce configuration, the function as before but adds the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to load the rescue configuration, add the
```

value `config_manager_load_rescue_config: yes` to the playbook to indicate that the configuration should

> be rollbacked to te the resuce configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
be rolled back to the rescue configuration.
```

> Note: Take caution when doing rescue configuration load that you do not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: Take caution when loading the rescue configuration so that you do not
```

inadvertently replace your access to the device.

```
- hosts: junos

  roles:
    - name: ansible-network.juniper_junos

>       function: config_manager/resuce

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      function: config_manager/rescue
```

      config_manager_load_rescue_config: True
```

## How to delete a rescue configuration checkpoint

Below is an example of how to call the `config_manager/rescue` function to delete the
previously set rescue configuration.

```
- hosts: junos

  roles:
    - name: ansible-network.juniper_junos

>       function: config_manager/resuce

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      function: config_manager/rescue
```

      config_manager_delete_rescue: True
```

## Arguments

### config_manager_set_rescue

> This setting indicates whether or not the to set the current running

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This setting indicates whether or not to set the current running
```

configuration as the rescue configuration.

The default value is `False`

### config_manager_load_rescue_config

This setting indicates whether or not to replace the current configuration
with the rescue configuration.

The default value is `False`

### config_manager_delete_rescue

> This setting indicates whether or not the to delete the rescue configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This setting indicates whether or not to delete the rescue configuration
```
